Make Makefile a little easier to use (#1069)
containers/skopeo: install.md

$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/containers/skopeo && make bin/skopeo
```

> By default the `make` comman (make all) will build bin/skopeo and the documation locally.

Reviewer: `make` comman should be  `make` command?

> By default the `make` comman (make all) will build bin/skopeo and the documation locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default the `make` command (make all) will build bin/skopeo and the documentation locally.
```

(Or… I don’t know; this is a bit strange place to put this. The way I think about this, either it should be the only command we document for non-container builds, or we can document the binary/docs pair and not this one. Telling users about the way to do both _after_ the first part was already done might be annoying. OTOH, bike shed colors and all that — as long as the documentation has been updated to not claim that `make all` runs in containers, I’m fine with this.

$ make docs
```

### Building in a container

Building in a container is simpler, but more restrictive:

> - It requires the `podman` command and the ability to run Linux containers

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- It requires the `podman` command and the ability to run Linux containers.
```
